style(*): grammar, spelling, punctuation (#539)
discordjs/guide: guide/creating-your-bot/commands-with-user-input.md

```

1. If the message either doesn't start with the prefix or was sent by a bot, exit early.
2. Create an `args` variable that slices off the prefix entirely, removes the leftover whitespaces, and then splits it into an array by spaces.
3. Create a `command` variable by calling `args.shift()`, which will take the first element in array and return it while also removing it from the original array (so that you don't have the command name string inside the `args` array).

> Hopefully, that's a bit clearer if there was any confusion. Let's create a quick command to check out the result of our new addition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hopefully, that's a bit clearer. Let's create a quick command to check out the result of our new addition:
```

}
```

> So if the first argument provided is equal to "foo", then send back "bar". Otherwise, just send back the argument the user-provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So if the first argument provided is equal to "foo", then send back "bar". Otherwise, just send back the argument the user provided.
```
Your auto-correct is garbage.

	</discord-message>
</div>

> Awesome! Nothing to worry in that regard about now. You're currently using something called a "regular expression" (commonly referred to as "regex") to handle that small (but important) bug.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Awesome! Nothing to worry in that regard about now. This uses something called a "regular expression" (commonly referred to as "regex") to handle that small (but important) bug.
```

```

::: tip

> `message.reply()` is alternative to `message.channel.send()` that prepends a mention of the person who sent the message, unless the message was sent in a DM. It can be very useful for providing feedback!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`message.reply()` is an alternative to `message.channel.send()` that prepends a mention of the person who sent the message, unless the message was sent in a DM. It can be very useful for providing feedback!
```

> If you're wondering what `message.reply()` does, it's just an alternative for `message.channel.send()`, which also prepends a mention of the person who sent the message, unless used in a DM. It can be very useful for providing feedback!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`message.reply()` is alternative to `message.channel.send()` that prepends a mention of the person who sent the message, unless the message was sent in a DM. It can be very useful for providing feedback!
```

### Working with multiple mentions

> Let's say you have some sort of `!avatar` command, where it'll display the avatar of all the mentioned users or your own avatar if no users were mentioned. Focus on that 2nd part for now - how would you go about displaying your own avatar if no users were mentioned? Taking the snippet for the code you just used, you can do it just like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say you have some sort of `!avatar` command, where it'll display the avatar of all the mentioned users, or your own avatar if no users were mentioned. Focus on that second part for now - how would you go about displaying your own avatar if no users were mentioned? Taking the snippet for the code you just used, you can do it just like this:
```
